# $Id: CC-BY-SA-4-0.pod 14 2016-07-12 19:12:56Z mark $
# $URL: file:///D:/svn/J70267938-Dev-Proj-File/trnk/src/license/CC-BY-SA-4-0.pod $

=head1 Copyright

(c) Copyright 2016, Mark J. Jensen

=head1 Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License

This is a human-readable summary of the CC BY-SA 4.0 License.
The full license is available at:
L<https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode>.

=head2 You are free to:

=over 4

=item Share

Copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

=item Adapt

Remix, transform, and build upon the material

=back

for any purpose, even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms
as long as you follow the license terms.

=head2 Under the following terms:

=over 4

=item Attribution

You must give L<appropriate credit|https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/#>,
provide a link to the license, and
L<indicate if changes were made|https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/#>.
You may do so in any reasonable manner,
but not in any way that suggests
the licensor endorses you or your use.

=item ShareAlike

If you remix, transform, or build upon the material,
you must distribute your contributions
under the
L<same license|https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/#>
as the original.

=item No additional restrictions

You may not apply legal terms or
L<technological measures|https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/#>
that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

=back

=head2 Notices:

=over 4

=item *

You do not have to comply with the license for elements
of the material in the public domain or
where your use is permitted by an applicable
L<exception or limitation|https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/#>.

=item *

No warranties are given.
The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use.
For example, other rights such as
L<publicity, privacy, or moral rights|https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/#>
may limit how you use the material.

=back

=cut

